[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now to disturbing new data from Crowdstrike, one of the leading
cybersecurity firms--
its Eighth Annual Global Threat Report detected a whopping 82%
spike worldwide in ransomware-linked data
breaches.
The report introduces potential new hacking groups
and explains how attacks are getting
increasingly sophisticated.
Plus, it offers intricate details on the latest tactics
employed by the so-called big four--
Iran, China, Russia, and North Korea.
Here to detail the report is Adam Meyers.
He's Crowdstrike's head of intelligence.
Adam, good to have you joining us.
So tell us, what are the big takeaways
from this year's report?
Well, there was a bunch.
I think the first one is that we identified that
about 98 minutes from the time that a bad actor, a threat
actor gets onto a system till they can move deeper
into a network and get access to sensitive data
and sensitive systems.
That means that defenders only have about 98 minutes that they
can identify and investigate and then repel or defend
against that attack.
That's interesting.
When you think about it in terms of a more traditional crime,
like a bank robbery, the idea that it only
takes 98 minutes for them to get in
and get out and have all that they need
to perpetrate their attacks.
Give us some context, though, Adam.
How many ransomware attacks were there last year
compared to previous years?
It was up about 36%, I believe, last year
over the previous year.
But one of the more interesting things that we identified
was that there was an 82% increase in data extortion
attacks, where they not only encrypt the data,
but they steal it and then hold that hostage or hold it ransom.
And this is a growing trend that we've
seen of weaponization of data, where victim data is
being used against them.
It's being used as a control lever
to force them to pay higher ransoms, to pay faster.
And it's being used by nation-states as well.
Tell us, then, what's that staggering increase?
I mean, we have heard more reports of both big companies
and individuals being targeted in these types of extortion
attacks.
Yeah, lots of people have identified.
It's a problem that's been going on for a number of years.
So we encounter more and more organizations
that have really robust backup solutions that
enable them to recover from these ransomware attacks
pretty quickly.
But when the data is stolen and leaked to the internet,
there's no backup solution that's
going to stop that or help you there.
And if you think the ransom demand is high,
the legal fees, the regulatory and compliance issues
that come from that data being stolen and leaked
to the internet can add up very quickly
and really just be massive compared to that ransom demand
itself.
So given all of that, given how quickly it moves,
given how people seem to be paying out these extortion
threats, that's led to more and more of these types of attacks
being perpetrated.
What can people do to stay safe?
One of the things that has been a huge differentiator
over the last year that I've personally witnessed
is employing things like identity management and zero
trust.
What this really allows you to do
is not just protect the system, but protect the data
and protect access to the data.
So if there's one thing that people would do, particularly
at the enterprise level, to better defend against this,
it's to employ things like zero trust,
to have strong identity management,
and protect the data, not just the systems.
All right, Adam Meyers, thank you so much.
Thank you.